 Did you know that 75 percent of air pollution is caused by cars which produce 30,000 ppm of carbon monoxide.
 “Many harmful effects of gasoline are due to individual chemicals in gasoline,” (www.idph.state.il.us).
 First we can improve on the toxicity of car fuel which is its danger to animals and humans in general.
 We can also improve one the composition of car fuel making it less costly and more accessible.
 Finally we can improve its danger to the environment by almost getting rid of it completely.
 We can improve on the terrible toxicity composition and environmental dangers that car fuel gives.

First we can improve on the toxicity of car fuel in general. We can do this by using a different fuel entirely that would biofuel.
In the text it says “The appeal of FCEVs rests on their efficiency, rapid filling times, and above all, emissions
of only water and warm air,”(LGM). This is an improvement on the toxicity because it only emits water and warm air
which isn't dangerous to breath in.

We can improve the composition of car fuel to make it more accessible and less costly by using different fuel.
Such as natural gas. In the text it states “it’s widely available, and it’s known to burn much cleaner than petroleum-based fuels.
It’s also generally less costly than gasoline,”(chooseq). Because this fuel is widely available and less expensive
it would make a good composition or the fuel.

Finally we can improve on its danger to the environment by getting rid of it completely.
We can do this by using hydrogen. We can use this because it gives off no emissions as it states
in this article. “Hydrogen-powered fuel cell electric vehicles emit none of these harmful 
substances—only water (H2O) and warm air,”(afdc.energy.gov). This proves that hydrogen
can help the environment because there are no dangerous substances released into the air.

These three points prove that we can improve fuel. We can use biofuel to improve the overall toxicity of fuel.
We can use natural gas to lower the price and make it more accessible. And we can use hydrogen to stop pollution
and its negative effects on the environment. We can use different fuel alternatives to improve on fuel.

